from the sounds of it it's just a music
lesson that could be taking place
anywhere in the
world except it isn't and it's
not Palestinian music teacher Muhammad
al-habash has an eager audience here in
central Gaza at a center housing
displaced
Palestinians he even gets an excited
thumbs
up and out comes the oud
one of our goals in the Music Center is
to reach kids in the display centers all
over the Gaza Strip we want to entertain
them either through music or to teach
them something that gets them and
ourselves out of this atmosphere of War
Smiles are rare these days but music can
do that sometimes positivity can be
[Music]
contagious when I have an activity I
bring my two daughters with me to the
display centers we make activities for
the children the atmosphere is very nice
and they can't wait for us to get here
whenever I come they run towards me and
ask me why did I take so
long for Dina the music lessons are
soothing a welcome change from the
sounds of
[Music]
War I came to learn how to sing and play
music I love to sing I used to hear
bombing sounds and become scared but now
that I've started a music class I can
feel more comfortable and my heart is
[Music]
calm Muhammad says he'll continue going
to displacement centers giving gaza's
children an opportunity to escape their
reality just for a while and that's
something Mike leel El
jaera make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer
out